>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: How do we
know angels aren't ET's?
>>CORIN GRILLO: I
don't know if we do.
It just depends on
who you're asking.
>>NOORY: You can't
rule that out.
>>GRILLO: I do not rule
anything out anymore
because I've seen enough.
Ezekiel's story with the
chariot of fire coming down,
and wheels, and--
I mean, you know, it's--
>>NOORY: It looks like a UFO.
>>GRILLO: It's very
suspiciously alien-ish.
>>NOORY: It's something.
>>GRILLO: Not all aliens
are angels and vice versa.
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
What a program we have
in store for you today.
Corin Grillo, the author
of "The Angel Experiment"
and the founder of the
Angel Alchemy Academy,
is a trained psychotherapist,
angel channeler, healer,
and a teacher.
Corin has helped
thousands of people
all over this planet to
go from angel curious
to angel empowerment.
That's a pretty
good gift, Corin.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I'm digging it.
>>NOORY: How did this
all happen for you?
How did this evolve where
you got involved in angels?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, well
it happened abruptly.
It was nothing that
I was looking for.
I was not raised a
religious person,
and really kind of snubbed all
things religion for many years.
>>NOORY: But you're spiritual.
>>GRILLO: Well, I
surely am now, yes.
>>NOORY: Yes, OK.
>>GRILLO: So what I
didn't realize back then
was that being religious
wasn't a requirement
to get divine support, so yeah.
When the angels entered
into my life, it was abrupt.
I witnessed a miracle,
and that miracle
was the first of many
miracles that I've experienced
over the last 10 years.
>>NOORY: Did you ask for the
miracle, or did it just happen?
>>GRILLO: I did not
ask for the miracle.
It just happened.
>>NOORY: Can you
tell us what it was?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I
mean, long story short,
I was going through a really
rough period in my life.
I was on my way to
a client's house,
and I was doing community
mental health back then,
driving down the street.
And a few days prior I had had
an angel healing done for me,
and I didn't know
what that was, but she
said when I left the session
to talk to the angels
as if they're real,
and that's what I did.
So I started talking
to the angels,
and I started feeling
better, feeling lighter.
And I was extraordinarily
depressed at the time,
and within days my depression
started dissolving the more
that I talked to the angels.
But the actual miracle was when
I was driving down the road,
and a bird fell from the sky,
landed in front of my car.
I slowly drove around it and I
saw that the bird had a mangled
wing.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, and I was
like, OK, this is not really
what I had in mind today.
So I asked the
angels-- because I
had been talking to the
angels for like three days
and asking them for
help-- so I decided
to do my new trick, which is ask
the angels for help, so I asked
the angels to come and take
this bird out of its suffering.
And as I drove around
the bird and I continued
to look and pray for it, I saw
the bird, with my own eyeballs,
transform from that bird
that was about pigeon size,
into three tiny
birds, and fly away.
So I saw one pop up out of
the body of the bird fly away.
>>NOORY: They saved the bird.
>>GRILLO: A second and a third.
They transformed a bird into
three healthy, flying birds,
and that was when I
realized this is no joke.
Angels are real,
and that was just
the beginning of this incredible
journey of discovering
the reality of spirit,
and the divine, and life,
and how easily available this
kind of divine intervention
is for anyone, for anybody.
>>NOORY: And a journey you
have never looked back at now.
It just keeps going forward
for you, doesn't it?
>>GRILLO: It is like a constant
evolution of awesome, yes.
>>NOORY: Your last episode
with us is still being
talked about by our viewers.
You did a great job.
What is it that
touches people's nerves
when you talk about angels?
>>GRILLO: I think my sense is
that it's the same thing that
touched me when I was--
that period, that miracle that I
just witnessed, I felt so alone
and like I didn't
have any purpose.
And so many people out
there feel that same thing.
They are going through
the motions in life,
and I feel like the
reality of angels
is so important, especially
right here on the planet.
We are designed for
this kind of support.
We just don't know it.
We didn't know it.
I didn't know it.
So I think that it's
the truth of love.
It's the love that people
sense behind the words that
makes it believable and real,
and I-- personally George,
I am shocked that
people believe me.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>GRILLO: I know.
>>NOORY: What's not
to believe, right?
>>GRILLO: Well, that's the thing
is like, people can sense when
someone's being
authentic and real,
and when someone's
just making stuff up.
It took me years to
talk about this miracle,
and it took me
years to acknowledge
that I was having this radical
experience with the reality
of angels because I was a
psychotherapist at the time.
So but love is love, and that is
the medicine that we all need,
and I had not had that medicine
until the angels came that day.
And I think it's since that
day we have, and all of us
have the capacity to
follow the trail of love
as opposed to the trail of hurt.
>>NOORY: Do you follow
your intuition a lot?
>>GRILLO: Yes, and
that is something that
occurred after that incident.
It was like my spiritual
gifts and my intuition--
>>NOORY: It woke up.
>>GRILLO: --my healing
abilities, yeah.
It's like this whole
new world woke up
and I could hear a new voice
inside of me that for once
wasn't trying to tear me down.
It was actually trying
to lift me up and get
me to do really
interesting, weird things
like learn more about angels.
>>NOORY: Well, I talked
with Jeffrey Mishlove,
who is into all of
this in a big, big way.
And he talked about why some
people have better intuition
than others and what the
difference is with people.
Why are some people better
at intuition than others?
>>JEFFREY MISHLOVE:
Well, sometimes it's
just sort of beaten out of you.
If you're a young
boy, you probably
remember this yourself,
big boys don't cry.
>>NOORY: I'm not supposed to.
>>MISHLOVE: Yeah, you
know, don't be in touch
with your inner feelings.
>>NOORY: I think I get more
emotional the older I get,
by the way, Jeffrey.
>>MISHLOVE: Yeah, sure.
It's because we allow ourselves
to get in touch a little more
with the inner child,
which you could
say that's the intuitive part.
>>NOORY: How many
people, though,
do not act on their intuition,
and something happens to them
and they go, oh, I knew it?
I knew it.
>>MISHLOVE: Doesn't
that happen often?
>>NOORY: All the time.
>>MISHLOVE: Yeah,
yeah, our culture
is heavily out of balance.
We emphasize the sensational.
We emphasize the intellect.
We emphasize emotions,
but intuition
is the least emphasized
of our human talents.
>>NOORY: As I started
off with that, Corin,
how many people don't
act on their intuition?
They feel it.
They know it, but they
just kind of pass it off.
What do you have to do
to get people to realize
this is happening to me?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I mean,
I think about my own life
and how if I had not
listened to the nudge
to learn more about
angels, or to the nudge
to actually talk about
angels in front of people
and share my story, how crazy
different my life would be.
And the thing is that our
intuition, our divine guidance,
is constantly trying
to set us free.
It's constantly
trying to break us out
of our emotional prison,
our financial prison,
our creative prison,
our relationship prison,
but the only way that
spirit can really
intervene for us is
through our intuition,
through our gut feelings.
And so it is imperative
that we kind of
take that side of ourselves
seriously and ask ourselves
what if this is possible,
and then go in that direction
because really, the only way
you're really going to find out
if your intuition is
right is doing what
your intuition is guiding you--
within reason.
So I do want to say
there's a caveat here
because a lot of people talk
about open your intuition.
Listen to your intuition, but
you also have to use logic,
too.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GRILLO: And a lot of
people miss that step.
>>NOORY: You sounded like
Bruce Willis from "Die Hard."
>>GRILLO: I do?
>>NOORY: Yeah, for a
split-- go to New York.
Have a good time.
Whatever that line was.
Angels-- remember the movie,
"It's a Wonderful Life"
with Jimmy Stewart?
>>GRILLO: Yes.
>>NOORY: The classic movie.
He was despondent.
He wanted to end
his life, and he
was going to jump into a river.
And he's standing on
the bridge contemplating
when he's about ready to
jump, and all of a sudden
there's a guy in
the river drowning.
Help, help!
He dives in and
saves the guy's life,
pulls him out, forgets
about committing suicide,
and saves the guy.
Well, the guy turned out to be
his guardian angel, Clarence,
who was sent down to save him.
Does it happen that way?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I think
sometimes it does,
and sometimes it's way
more subtle than that.
Sometimes it's just
an opportunity,
maybe a new thought, a new
inspiration, or a new dream.
Let's say someone is
just miserable at work
and they, gosh, they
hate their boss.
>>NOORY: Or in a
relationship or anything.
>>GRILLO: Oh, my gosh,
in a relationship.
Essentially in anything
that feels like crap.
We don't give ourselves
a chance to dream bigger
because the voice of doubt
kind of overpowers us,
but what I've learned
from the angels
and what I teach
people around the world
is that there's
another voice in there,
and it's our duty to begin
to open up to the possibility
that that positive
voice in there
is way more real
than the negative one
trying to tear us down.
So I just want to
stress it's not always
like three birds dividing into
three to get your attention.
I was that dense,
that low vibration,
that I needed something.
I needed a cosmic smack in the
head to kind of wake me up.
But not everybody needs that.
Some people that right,
right now, the angels
are right there.
Your spirit team is
right here, right now.
>>NOORY: Do we call them,
or do they just show up?
>>GRILLO: Well, they're
here, but they definitely
come closer the more that we
become adept at calling them
in a variety of ways.
But they're here.
It's just a matter of
putting them to work,
asking for the right things
and putting them to work.
>>NOORY: Do you see
them or feel them?
>>GRILLO: Both, but my
biggest sense is feeling.
So I can feel the
presence of spirit.
I can feel truth.
So there's different
spiritual gifts that we have.
Some of us are more visual.
Some of us are more sensing.
And so I was first activated
with the presence of spirit
around me, so when that
bird divided into three,
it was an incredible feeling
of goosebumps up and down,
and this incredible love.
So yeah, so with
clients and in general,
I can feel when there's
angels in the room.
And then on a
really good day, I'm
seeing them in full apparition.
>>NOORY: What do they look like?
Do they have wings?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, they appear
in a lot of different ways
to different people.
So I've definitely seen some
with wings, but I would say
it's not like--
>>NOORY: Are they family
members who passed on?
Who are they?
>>GRILLO: Well,
there's different kinds
of beings out there.
So there's angels, and then
there's loved ones, ancestors.
And so the more
practice that you
work with your intuition, the
more that you learn to discern
what is what-- is it a fairy?
Is it an alien,
or is it an angel?
Who's coming in right now?
>>NOORY: Jean Slatter appeared
on the Gaia program "Open
Minds" talking about
several reasons that give us
trouble accessing the truth.
Let's take a look
at that, and I want
you to react to what she means.
>>JEAN SLATTER: There's
actually four main reasons why
we have difficulty
accessing our truth,
and the first one is the
filters that we have.
We've talked about
the experiment
that was done with the gorilla.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Oh,
that was embarrassing.
I did that one.
There were a whole
bunch of us, and this
is the video of the basketball
players throwing the balls back
and forth, right, and
the gorilla passing
through the room.
So you can find it on YouTube.
I don't remember
what it's under,
but I think using those
search words, you can find it.
>>SLATTER: The missing gorilla.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah, the
missing gorilla, OK.
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
so an audience was
asked to watch how often the
people in the white t-shirts
passed the basketball, so they
are focused in on just that.
And that's the way
our mind works.
We pick a focus, and we
don't see anything else.
And meanwhile, a gorilla
walks into the room,
and thumps his chest,
and then walks off.
And then the audience is
asked, did you see the gorilla?
And they go, what gorilla?
>>MEREDITH: You know--
I know because I
did it at the time--
you all-- spoiler alert--
you know what it is now,
but for those who haven't
done it, I did it,
and there were a few other
people in the room that did it.
Only one out of the group
of us saw the gorilla.
I did not see the gorilla.
I was so focused.
And it was so embarrassing.
You think, how can the brain
trick ourselves like that?
It's really-- I thank
you for bringing it up.
It is one of the most shocking
demonstrations of the filters
we use.
>>NOORY: I wonder
if we should have
a gorilla walk through the set.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I
bet you have already
and I just didn't notice.
>>NOORY: Would anybody see it?
Who knows?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I don't know.
>>NOORY: But what
does that all mean?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I mean, I
love what she's saying here.
It's a hyper focus.
And I want to put
this to real life.
So right now, your viewers
right now are getting inspired.
They're getting inspiration
from the divine,
from their angels to make
a change that's beautiful,
or maybe to be of
service to the world
or to their families
in a different way.
But because they're so
focused on the thing that's
right in front of them,
they will miss the guidance.
So it's important that,
especially when we're
trying to up-level our
lives, take the next level,
or make a big power move, that
we realize what we're doing,
the hyper focus, and
do take steps back
to be able to open up our
antennas to the inspiration.
>>NOORY: You know that little
voice we hear in our heads?
Everybody does.
You know, don't do
this, do this, do that.
Is that an angel, or is that us?
Who's telling us these things?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I think
sometimes it's a combination.
So at a certain point
what spirit and what
the angels showed me is
that a lot of our thoughts,
we think they're unique
to us, but sometimes it
is a different energy
coming in feeding us.
So sometimes it's an angel,
and it's a beautiful way
to really think about
your own thoughts.
So if you have guidance
or an inspiration
to move your life in
a certain direction
and it excites you,
however, it's a little scary
because it's going to
require some change,
wouldn't you rather
follow that voice
of the angel than the one
that's tearing you down?
So yeah, you can see
it as your own voice,
but I do like to see
the positive inspiration
as angelic.
>>NOORY: Do we summon angels,
or do they just show up?
>>GRILLO: Well, I think
they're just here,
but there are powerful ways--
>>NOORY: They're
everywhere, right?
>>GRILLO: They're everywhere.
I mean, they're
interdimensional, and from what
I've seen, even people who
had never spoken to angels
or called on angels, when they
came into my office, there
was always angels around them.
And so what I do
is I teach people
how to powerfully talk to them
so that they make sure they're
more attractive, more visible.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
How would you do that?
Take us through that scenario.
>>GRILLO: I work a
lot with invocation,
which is a really traditional
way of doing magic.
And so calling on any priest
is doing an invocation first.
So you can ask the
angels to come you.
You ask them for-- well,
always give gratitude.
So gratitude is important,
but then you ask them
for a certain something.
So if you need to feel better
about a breakup, Archangel
Michael, I ask that you come
to me now and release me
from the pain that's
in my heart, thank you.
Please help me, yeah.
And then you wait.
You wait, and you imagine
that that angel is there
coming and releasing you.
And it's amazing how many
people can feel a shift
and change within minutes.
If they go through that,
even the very simple step,
of doing that.
What a lot of people
don't do is they
don't wait for the change,
the energetic change
inside of them.
They just, help me, and then
they move on to the next thing
because they're moving
too fast through life.
So it is important
to sit and experience
the shift and the
transformation after you invoke.
>>NOORY: Does the
angel know already
what you need without us asking?
>>GRILLO: Well, that's
an interesting question.
>>NOORY: You're hesitating.
>>GRILLO: Well,
here's the thing,
you know what you need more than
any other being on the planet
or outside the planet.
>>NOORY: Or we should.
>>GRILLO: We should.
Well, we have the
blueprint inside of us.
We have a purpose,
and we know who we
are at it at an essence level.
So I like to always
empower the human first
and say you know what you
do if you follow your joy.
Follow your joy.
What do you need?
Then you call on an angel to
come and help you rather than
begging something outside
of yourself for direction.
Now, it's nice to pray
and ask for guidance,
but I think a lot of
people displace their power
onto people and other things
outside of themselves.
But over time I
realized, and I've really
seen with my own
clients and the people
that I work with, that they
have the blueprint in here,
and what they need angel
and divine support with most
is to execute that plan,
execute that blueprint.
>>NOORY: Does the angel always
perform, or do they sometimes
not show up?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I
mean, a lot of times
you can feel like the angels
are not coming through for you.
>>NOORY: You feel like
you're alone, right?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, it's like,
well, that didn't work out.
But I always like to give
an example of someone who's
wishing that their boyfriend
would come back to them,
and they beg the
angels, please, help me.
I need him back.
I just love him so much.
And it just doesn't work out.
He runs off with someone
else and gets married.
They might think that the angels
didn't come through for them,
but really the angels
did come through
because that other person
was probably just a punk
and not really great for them,
and at a heart level, essence
level, they're preparing you for
something that's even better.
So a lot of times
we ask for things
that are not in alignment for
our best and highest good.
And in those cases,
angels often don't--
I mean, spirit doesn't
collude with that.
But what they do do is
collude with something that's
in alignment for your joy,
for your heart, for your soul,
and if you like
to be of service,
they really love helping
people to be of service.
>>NOORY: What if you ask
for something unrealistic?
Will they still try to help you?
>>GRILLO: Yeah,
that's interesting.
Well, what do you
mean by unrealistic?
>>NOORY: Well, a goal
that may not be reachable.
You know, maybe you
want $10 million,
something that's ludicrous.
>>GRILLO: Right, well, I mean,
maybe it's not ludicrous.
So I say if it feels
out of reach for you,
ask anyways because
there's no harm to ask
for $100 million company.
Or I mean in my case,
even what I'm doing today
was, 10 years ago, far beyond
anything that seemed realistic.
So I say ask for the vision.
Just make sure it's coming
from the right place.
>>NOORY: What does
manifestation mean to you?
>>GRILLO: Yeah,
manifesting is, I
think, when a human claims
their right to the life
that they desire
and they deserve.
And they can do it in a
variety of different ways.
They can do it through magic.
>>NOORY: Meditation.
>>GRILLO: Through meditation.
I love working with angels
because angels tend to expedite
the manifesting process.
People talk a lot about
the Law of Attraction,
but I feel like working
with-- including
angels in that formula puts
your manifestations on steroids.
>>NOORY: It does.
>>GRILLO: I think
so, yeah, for me.
>>NOORY: Is it
important to manifest?
>>GRILLO: It depends
on who you are.
Not everybody's into it, and
I say just more power to you
if you're not into it.
But if you have a desire and
feel limited by your income
level, limited by your
skin color, by your gender,
by your sexual preference,
if society isn't kind to you,
then I feel like you
call in extra resources.
And that's essentially
why I love angels
because it's a great balancing
force, a great equalizer.
Anybody can call on
spirit, the spirit
does not care what your
income is, what your color is,
what your gender is.
So if you want to balance
out the playground,
then it behooves you
to work with angels
and to learn as much as
you can about manifesting.
>>NOORY: Spirit medium
James Van Praagh--
he's a genius at what he does--
talks about manifestation.
>>JAMES VAN PRAAGH: When
we want something to
manifest in our lives,
so we put it out there.
Let's say we visualize it, we
meditate about manifestation,
and we can have that if we
stay with that frequency.
Think of it like this, think
about it like a radio station,
and that you're tuning into
a certain dial, 106.7, right?
You're at 106.7 and
you're tuning into that,
and you're really
visualizing, I want this,
let's say, I want this type
of job, a type of relationship
in my life.
I want this material
thing like a car.
Whatever it is in your life,
and you're tuning into it,
but there's a part of you which
might not allow it exactly
like you're saying.
So if your vibratory
rate, and I'm just
saying it's 106.7 like a
radio, so if your frequency
or your vibratory rate
is here, but you're only
tuning it to 96.7, you're
not going to get it, see?
So you're not allowing
yourself to experience
the fullness of that vibration,
of that vortex of coming
into that oneness of
being, and really into--
whether it's feelings of
deserving, feelings of guilt,
feelings of limitation,
feelings of inadequacy,
whatever it might be,
you're exactly right.
You're not feeling worthy at
that vibrational rate, yes.
So if you really want to
manifest, materialize,
you have to be at
that frequency,
and the more one
has a relationship
with their true self,
their spiritual self,
their spiritual creative
being, and whether that's
done through disciplines
of meditation,
whether it's done through
contemplation in prayer,
whether it's done through yoga,
however you can quiet the mind
and get to that space
of creative self,
we are all creative
beings of god,
and we can accept
and allow ourselves
to get to that higher
frequency, and receive,
and really manifest whatever
we want in our lives.
So we really have the abundance.
It's within us.
It's just having the
awareness-- so we already
have the abundance-- but
it's having the awareness
to bring yourself full
to that experience,
to that manifestation.
>>NOORY: I like
what he says there.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, me too.
>>NOORY: It makes a lot
of sense, doesn't it?
To manifest like that,
that's important.
Must you manifest before you
can accomplish something?
Do you have to
visualize it first?
>>GRILLO: Well, yes.
I mean, you need to
have an inspiration
or have an idea in
order to know what
actions you need to take
in order to make it happen.
So yes, but for people who
are interested in manifesting,
I love to create a ceremony
and ritual around it.
So if you that you are going
to create your own company,
and you're shifting
from 9:00 to 5:00,
or over to your other
gig, or your new job,
manifesting works really well if
you create some level of ritual
around it, and you call
in spiritual allies
to come and support
you because it's
like hiring a staff to
take care of your needs,
to bring you the right people,
the right kind of support,
the right ideas.
But one of the biggest
keys to manifesting
that most people
leave out is the fact
that it's on you to finish
the dream because spirit
and manifesting--
>>NOORY: It's always on us.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I mean,
we can only do so much.
But if you're still like,
hey, I did this big ritual,
and then I prayed, and then
I called in this angel,
but you're still sitting on the
couch eating a slice of pizza,
drinking a beer, and you're not
getting up and actually taking
action steps, take the
action steps first, and then
beer bong.
Do whatever you want, but
take the action steps first,
and a lot of people think
spirits are just going
to make it happen for you.
>>NOORY: What has been one of
the greatest angelic stories
that has come to you
not necessarily on you,
but that you've heard about.
>>GRILLO: One of the best--
>>NOORY: Where maybe a
client had something happen.
Did they share their
stories with you?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I
hear a lot of stories,
and it's really touching.
Actually, just this
December I was teaching
a training on angel magic.
And I was teaching
specific skill sets,
and this woman came in because
her sister was in the hospital
and had just gotten
word from the doctor
that her sister
didn't have much time.
>>NOORY: Oh, jeez.
Those are the worst times, too.
>>GRILLO: The worst, so
she had cancer, and then
on top of that had a very bad
lung disease on top of that.
>>NOORY: Everything
that was going wrong
was going wrong for this person.
>>GRILLO: It was
going wrong, so I
mean, in order for
doctors to call it,
it's got to be
really grim and bad.
So they told her to
start making arrangements
and that she wouldn't
have much time.
So she got together.
She called on Archangel
Raphael, and she got together
with a few members of our
community to do prayer
and to create a ritual
around her sister's healing.
The next morning
her sister texted
her-- her dying sister texted
her saying, hey, what's up?
What are you doing?
And she hadn't really
talked to her sister.
>>NOORY: She was feeling better.
>>GRILLO: She's feeling better.
And she called the doctor--
OK, my client called the
doctor, and the doctor
said something radical happened.
By this morning she was fine.
She was looking around.
We have her in a different unit.
She's not in ICU anymore.
>>NOORY: Oh, my gosh.
>>GRILLO: And within
that week, she was fully
released from the hospital.
>>NOORY: Recovered?
>>GRILLO: Recovered, yeah.
>>NOORY: That's a miracle.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, that's
what I'm saying.
>>NOORY: That's a miracle.
>>GRILLO: Miracles are real.
>>NOORY: It's dramatic.
It's really something.
It works.
>>GRILLO: Wow, yeah.
I mean, look, I am shocked-- the
reason why I spend so much time
talking about angels is
not just because it's fun--
and it is a lot of fun--
and it's not because I have
this need to proselytize,
it's because it works.
And working with the divine
and doing this kind of work
creates extraordinarily
practical solutions
to some of life's most
impractical problems.
>>NOORY: We talk a lot about
aliens on these programs.
How do we know
angels aren't ET's?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I mean,
I don't know if we do.
It just depends on
who you're asking.
>>NOORY: You can't
rule that out.
>>GRILLO: I do not rule
anything out anymore
because I've seen enough to know
I'm not ruling anything out,
but just depending on who
the eye of the beholder--
to some people, people
take great comfort
in believing that it's aliens
that are here to help us.
Other people take great
comfort in angels.
The angels came to
me as angels, which
is why I call them
angels, but when
you look at the old books
in the Old Testament,
and you look at Ezekiel's
story with the chariot of fire
coming down, and
wheels, and I mean--
>>NOORY: It looks like a UFO.
>>GRILLO: It's very
suspiciously alien-ish.
>>NOORY: It's something,
something weird.
>>GRILLO: So I
don't think that it
has to be the strict
separation between the two.
I think we can adapt
angels to the time,
but I do feel like they're--
not all aliens are angels,
and vice versa.
>>NOORY: Well, when you
talk about Ezekiel's wheel,
a lot of people have
talked about orbs
and what they may be.
Are they angelic, or
extraterrestrial, or spirits?
Who knows, but author
Stewart Pearce,
on the Gaia program "Open
Minds," talked about that.
>>STEWART PEARCE: I never ever
saw the angels as a human being
with wings, looking like, as
you say, a blond Caucasian,
or indeed an angel with
black skin, or yellow skin,
or red skin.
These beings were always
extraordinary columns of light,
or these brilliant orbs,
which I learned early
were plasmic forces,
that they were
refractions of photonic light.
That they said, we are plasma.
We are made of fire.
Just as you are made of star
seed, we are made of fire.
And therefore we have a
lineage that is corresponding,
it's just that your
physical form is somewhat
different to ours, yeah.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: And that
was very validating for myself,
and I think will be for many,
many people watching this
because I often see these orbs.
I see certain colors of
orbs around certain people,
and when certain truths
are being spoken,
a very specific type of
orb and color comes in.
And I had always thought,
gee, what a shame.
I'd love to see those
angels with wings,
and I don't see--
that's not how I see it.
Just as you say, columns
of light and orbs.
So this isn't that we're
deficient in some way
in our inner sight.
>>PEARCE: Yeah, it's very
interesting, isn't it,
because now we're becoming
more aware of all phenomenon,
and vastly aware because
of digital photography.
But I do remember way before
the digital photography
scene became the
fashionable thing,
or became within our attention,
where the angel said to me,
what do you know
about angelology?
And the tone was
almost scornful.
I was chastened.
And so what I did was
to spend as much time
as possible in some of the great
libraries of the world really
delving into angelology.
And they are asking very
considerable living mystics
that were very useful to me,
such as the wonderful Rupert
Sheldrake, writing
about the genetic field,
and this unique
conversation that he
had with Matthew Fox, whose
teaching I absolutely admire.
However, there I was in
these world great libraries
and reading about
Hildegard Von Bingen,
Dionysius the Areopagite,
and John of the
Cross, and they all
said angels are orbs of light.
They were seeing orbs of light.
So I mean, when was Hildegard
living, 12th century?
So it's apparent that there is
something very extraordinary
about the geometry of
the orb, or at least
the circular manifestation.
And I understand in
terms of sacred acoustics
that the very high
vibrations of sound
are also cyclic or
orb-like when they
move from the
wave-like manifestation
that we see into the
very higher frequencies.
Now, I'm not a scientist.
So if anybody is
listening to this
and has corroboration of
what that's all about,
I'd be very interested.
>>NOORY: Would you
be disappointed
if angels were extraterrestrials
and not angelic?
>>GRILLO: Not at all.
>>NOORY: You would not be?
I would be.
>>GRILLO: You would?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GRILLO: But to me, I
don't make a separation.
>>NOORY: I want to know that
they're heavenly and god-like.
>>GRILLO: Well, maybe aliens
are heavenly and godlike,
or the right ones.
Yeah, in my perspective, George,
I've kind of looked at this--
when I look historically,
even at cave paintings,
and how humans are
right next to beings
that look inhuman,
what I know is that
from the beginning
of time, people
have reported all over the
world that there are beings here
to support and help us.
I do not care what
they label them.
I'm not attached to the
religious explanation.
I'm not attached to
the alien explanation.
I'm just glad
they're here to help,
and I will continue to work with
them even if their identity is
aliens would be revealed.
>>NOORY: How do you know
they're not here to trick you?
>>GRILLO: Oh, that's
a great question,
and I think more people need
to talk about discernment.
So spirits, just
like humans, you
have to have discernment
because sometimes words
don't match the energy
behind what people say
or what angels say.
So in particular,
a lot of people
have a vision of an
angel, but that angel
might be telling you
to do something weird.
That would be a sign
that it's an impostor,
so we do have to kind of watch
out, especially for people.
I almost feel like people can
be more dangerous than demons.
>>NOORY: Well, that could be.
>>GRILLO: So I say watch
out for the people first,
but angelic pattern
is really specific.
You will feel a sense of
peace when it's an angel.
You will not feel a sense
of-- what you won't feel
is prickly, or cold,
or an emptiness.
So it is important
for you to really
not just see what you're seeing
and hear what you're hearing,
but to feel the feeling
behind it and put it to task.
If it's a negative voice,
it's a negative entity.
>>NOORY: Will a good person
attract a good entity?
>>GRILLO: Yes and no.
I mean, really great
people get hoodwinked
by all kinds of-- by all
kinds of humans, too.
So again, I'm equating it--
based on your
relationship with humans,
If you need boundaries
with humans,
you're going to need boundaries
with your spirit team.
>>NOORY: So what you're
saying is, not necessarily.
>>GRILLO: Not necessarily, no.
>>NOORY: I mean, it's
not a slam dunk you're
going to get a good angel.
>>GRILLO: Well, you're
going to get good angels,
but there's imposters and
hitchhikers all around us.
>>NOORY: Well, how do you
distinguish the difference?
How do you know that?
>>GRILLO: You learn to listen.
And like I said,
developing your intuition
is so important in
the sense that you
have to know which voice is
talking because a lot of people
listen to the negative voice.
>>NOORY: Have you learned that?
>>GRILLO: I'm getting
better and better, but yes.
I mean, I've been working
on this for 10 years.
>>NOORY: Trial and error?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, but
none of us-- all of us
are susceptible to dark voices,
and I would almost rather
call them dark voices
than demons, right?
It's like we're
susceptible to negativity.
>>NOORY: But they're one
in the same, isn't it?
>>GRILLO: What was that?
>>NOORY: Dark voices and demons,
aren't they one in the same?
>>GRILLO: I think there's
different kinds of dark voices.
There's dark spirits
of maybe humans
that have haven't crossed over.
You walk into a house, and you
feel oppressed, and get out.
The voice says get out.
You know, that's not
necessarily a demon, in theory.
Sometimes it's just a cranky
old man that never crossed over.
>>NOORY: My neighbor.
>>GRILLO: You know him.
>>NOORY: Yeah, I know him well.
What techniques can people
use to summon angels?
>>GRILLO: Like I said, one of
my favorites is invocation.
But again, just the awareness of
knowing that angels are real--
or you don't even have to
know that they're real-- just
believing that it's possible.
>>NOORY: Believe that they are.
>>GRILLO: You can be
hyper skeptical about it.
It doesn't matter, but act
more scientific about it.
You can open it up and
say, hey, if you're real,
help me with this,
whatever it is.
And you can do more
traditional kinds
of invocations or prayers.
You can light a candle.
There's not a one size
fits all for everyone,
but there are more powerful
ways to call on the divine.
Invocation is one of them.
>>NOORY: When
somebody comes to you
as a client, what are
they asking you for?
What do they want
you to do for them?
>>GRILLO: Well, they'll
ask for a lot of external--
they'll ask for a lot of
things, but ultimately I
know that every
client that's coming
to me that's asking for help
from the divine, what they're
really asking for is peace.
>>NOORY: Inner peace?
>>GRILLO: They just want peace.
Many times they
won't ask for that.
They'll ask for help
with their relationship.
Can angels help me
with a relationship?
Can they help me
with my finances?
with my business?
Can they help me--
but they want peace.
>>NOORY: Why do you need
an angel to do that?
Why can't they do it themselves?
>>GRILLO: Well, we are
polluted with our history,
with all the stories
that we tell ourselves,
with our trauma from--
there's just so many
things that can go wrong,
and it crusts us over
and it closes our hearts.
So working with the divine
and asking angels to help,
what it does is, it doesn't
put anything new inside of you.
It helps that which
is you, the loving,
peaceful being deep on the
inside, start emerging.
So angels help you come
into deeper contact with who
you naturally are,
and the more that you
take a practice of that, the
more that the rest falls away.
So I actually see angels
not just, hey, come help me,
but I see angels
and walking the path
with angels as a way to activate
your consciousness, to raise
your consciousness.
>>NOORY: Can we succeed without
tapping into the angelic realm?
>>GRILLO: Well,
when you say we--
>>NOORY: We as humans.
>>GRILLO: Sure,
people can succeed.
I think we can, but
I think we're not
going to get all the way
there unless all of us
have a reckoning with
our spiritual nature
and with our spiritual side.
>>NOORY: I mean, do you
think every successful person
has been helped by an angel?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, I think every
person period, whether they're
successful or not, has had
many interventions of support
and help.
And that goes to if you
think about all the times
a certain person came into your
life just in the nick of time,
I feel like that is divine
inspiration or divine--
I think everyone can
think of one person that
came into their life
where it's amazing timing.
>>NOORY: So it's predestined?
>>GRILLO: You can
call it pre-destiny.
You can use whatever
words, but spirit is always
colluding to support you.
But it's our own resistance,
our own belief in ourselves,
and our own unwillingness
to even admit
that there's another world
besides this 3D world
that we can see.
I think a lot of us are really
cut off from that reality
because of how many
religions have kind of given
spirituality bad press.
>>NOORY: Have you ever had a
feeling that the angels let you
down?
>>GRILLO: I have not,
no, because I also
know that it's not
the angel's job
to make life wonderful
100% of the time.
We're in a human body.
We came here for a reason,
and with life comes hardship.
We have losses.
We lose people in our lives.
>>NOORY: It ain't
easy, as they say.
>>GRILLO: It ain't easy,
but angels can really help--
I think the best word that
I can say is, insulate you.
>>NOORY: Do you have
to be religious?
>>GRILLO: No.
>>NOORY: To tap into them?
>>GRILLO: No, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
I was not a
religious person when
that activation had with me.
I am still not
religious in any way,
although I have a deep
respect for religion.
I consider myself a mystic.
>>NOORY: Will you continue
to help people cross over
to the other side?
>>GRILLO: You
cross over to love.
Yes, again, it's about--
I was given the--
what's the word?
I guess the blessing
or the gift of--
>>NOORY: The gift, you
were given the gift.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, and it
came out of nowhere,
and so I have no intention of
hoarding it towards myself.
>>NOORY: What's the
most satisfying thing
you do to yourself?
>>GRILLO: For myself?
>>NOORY: Well, that has come
to you because of your actions.
>>GRILLO: I think
the level of joy
that I experience
inside that I then get
to connect other people with.
>>NOORY: How can people
get a hold of you?
>>GRILLO: They can
go to my website.
>>NOORY: Which is?
>>GRILLO: Coringrillo.com.
>>NOORY: Corin, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>GRILLO: Thanks, George.
I love being here.
>>NOORY: It's great.
You do a great job for people.
Thank you.
>>GRILLO: Oh, thanks, George.
So do you.
>>NOORY: So if you need an
angel, just summon it up,
and chances are it'll
be there, right?
>>GRILLO: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
watching "Beyond Belief."